<div id="may2024" class="accordion-collapse collapse " data-bs-parent="#accordion2024">
    <div class="accordion-body">
        <p class="text-center">
            MBAR 2024 Committee Notes
            <br>Zoom ID 831 4306 2293 Password 2024
            <br>Saturday May 11, 2024 at 10am
            <br><a href='/' class="bb-link">montereybayarearoundup.org</a>
        </p>

        <dl>
            <dt>1. Chairperson's Call to Order: 10am;</dt>

            <dt>2. Reading of the 12 Traditions: Phil C.;</dt>

            <dt>3. New attendees, put your phone numbers and email addresses in the chat: None;</dt>

            <dt>4. Are there any A.A. or Al-Anon anniversaries since our last meeting? Susan 22 years, Kathleen 2 years, and May 34 years;</dt>

            <dt>5. Approve/Amend Minutes from the last meeting: Approved;</dt>

            <dt>6. Chairperson's Report - Chris T.: Thank you all for your attendance at our regularly scheduled Committee meeting. I am very aware we have responsibilities; I have many as well, these meetings have been planned in advance to support planning and scheduling for your required attendance especially if you hold a committee chair position. . These next few months are meetings that will be targeted to have your attention and support with the planning, communicating, and orchestrating/organizing the 2024 MBAR conference. To ensure we have a productive meeting please be respectful of the decisions we have already made and voted upon as to keep the focus on the items that are still needing planning.
                <br>
                We only have 3 meetings before our 2024 conference and so I am needing to be sure if you are a committee chair, communication is streamlined, and we are all in close contact with one another to have the planning and execution of time sensitive tasks as swift as possible. Next month we will have a program of the event outlined as we now have a filled Events Chairperson.
                <br>
                Registration in the next couple months is very dependent on our estimation of cost of goods for dinner and supplies. We have a few local events that need to be well attended by the committee and registration tables will need to be manned to have members of our Fellowship Pre-Register with ease as well as have our Gratitude translate to them for making the decision to support and join us.
                <br>
                All Committee Chairs in the Spirit of Rotation please be looking to have your predecessor found and join us in our meetings so they have some MBAR experience! MBAR Chair Positions are to be Rotated and fulfilled by members to increase their ability to practice and uphold Traditions and increase their Spiritual Experience by working and playing with members New and Old.
                <br>
                We are needing the following chairs filled: Facilities Chair, Merchandise, H&I, Non-Profit Status, Please see attached Committee Chair List;
            </dt>

            <dt>7. Treasurer's Report - Carolyn H.: See attached budget spreadsheet; 51 registrations received; Expect 400 more registrations; Literature budgeted $363 expense and $425 Income - May requested that people donate unneeded books; Non-profit paper work not complete - CPA budgeted to complete this;
            </dt>

            <dt>8. Seventh Tradition: You can make a 7th Tradition contribution - PayPal at mbartreasurer@gmail.com or by sending a check to - MBAR, PO Box 1462, Monterey, CA 93942; Or Venmo: @MBARoundup24 (<em>Note:</em> Venmo and check go 100% to Treasury, PayPal collects a fee.)</dt>

            <dt>9. Committee Chairs/Steering Committee Reports</dt>

            <dd>a. Media - Gina, Sean: Gina: Softball flyer and sent information to intergroup;</dd>

            <dd>b. Registration - Naomi: 48 total registrations received - 31 online and 17 paper; Investigating process to provide acknowledgement of Venmo payments; Need updated registration forms - online (English and Spanish); Need to include Friday Night Zoom meeting details; Once pricing questions are resolved need to update registration form to include T-shirts; Naomi will notify (E) registrants;</dd>

            <dd>c. Spanish - Robert: No report;</dd>

            <dd>d. Al-Anon - Jane: Everything on track; Al-Anon / AA Meeting - May 17th at Bethlehem Lutheran Church; Need to update her contact information on the committee list; Need to send her the updated registration forms;</dd>

            <dd>e. T-Shirt - Kevin: Managing T-shirts / coffee mugs (order 24) / water bottles (order 48); T-shirt cost not yet finalized - Phillip remove T-shirt price from the website, All T-shirts are to be pre-ordered - Cut off pre-orders 30 days before the event, Some discussion about a bulk order of 240 t-shirts - not resolved at this meeting, Suggestion to pre-order 240 t-shirts and mark-up to cover possibility of unsold t-shirts; Group agreed to price all T-shirts the same to avoid size shaming; Committee t-shirts - $16.00 + 10% tax, Phillip doing an online poll; Updating registration form to include T-shirts - Naomi will notify (E) registrants; Phillip update online registration form; Need to finalize how sales tax is handled;</dd>

            <dd>f. Speaker - Kathleen: DJ Booked for dance; Friday Zoom - Oliver B. Delaware; Sunday - Darren; Saturday - Crystal; Susan has candidate available - Dennis D. Santa Cruz AA/Al-Anon; Naomi - email list of needed speakers to Kathleen;</dd>

            <dd>g. Outreach - Conor: Approaching individuals at meetings with registration forms; Will solicit help - sponsee's etc.; Plans to attend large meetings in Santa Cruz; Re-send revised registration form to Central offices Monterey, San Francisco, and Los Angeles; Chris print new registration forms and deliver to Central Office and Intergroup;</dd>

            <dd>h. Events - Samantha: Researching insurance companies - no luck so far; Potential Events for MBAR - Trivia, Bingo, Board Games, Corn Hole</dd>

            <dd>i. IGR/GSR - Cole: Attending meetings and announcing MBAR;</dd>

            <dd>j. Marathon Meetings - Mark: No report;</dd>

            <dd>k. Facilities- Sally: No report;</dd>

            <dd>l. Website - Phillip: 2024 meeting note posted; Committee list posted; Google analysis updated; Need updated registration forms - English and Spanish; Remove t-shirts until price is finalized; Add notes regarding water bottles & coffee mugs, etc. </dd>

            <dd>m. Raffle - Katherine: Has people lined up to help? - Separate committee members for 50-50 raffle; Need to line up secure storage for prizes at conference center; Focus on lining up raffle prizes for the conference;</dd>

            <dt>10. Old Business:</dt>

            <dd>a. Reminder Committee Members should all be registered, within the next month;</dd>

            <dd>b. Non-Profit Status: Committee Members please announce we are needing assistance with this. Chris followed up with Jana to have this be an IGR announcement as well;</dd>

            <dt>11. Fundraising Ideas</dt>

            <dd>a. Unity Day Presence: 6/9/2024 - Have table and tent, Need volunteers;</dd>

            <dd>b. Birthday Meeting Presence: May 25th, June 29th, July 27th, and Aug 31st - Need volunteers;</dd>

            <dd>c. A.A. / Al-Anon meeting: May 17th - 5pm Dinner and 6pm Speaker</dd>

            <dd>d. Softball Event: 7/6/24 - Dampierre Little League Park, Carmel Valley, TC Coordinating - Need volunteers;</dd>

            <dt>12. New Business:</dt>

            <dd>a. Jersey Committee Shirts: $24,00 S-XL, $28,00 2XL-4XL - Group decided one price for committee t-shirts - $16.00 + 10% tax, Phillip doing an online poll;</dd>

            <dd>b. Order for the bulk of the main t-shirts when we get a rough idea of the count (2 dozen x smalls, 4 x meds,.etc.); Storage has been arranged; Will need transport the few days before the event - Decision tabled - Chris and Kevin discuss logistics, present a plan next month;</dd>

            <dt>13. Next Steering Committee meeting is Tuesday 05/28/2024 at 6pm via Zoom;</dt>

            <dt>14. Next Committee meeting is Saturday 06/08/2024 at 10am;</dt>

            <dt>15. Meeting adjourned at 11:35am with the Serenity Prayer;</dt>
        </dl>

        <p> Attendees: Amber, Arthur, Carolyn,Chris, Cindy, Cole, Diane, Conor, Esther, Hilda, Jane, Janet, Jean, Joanie, Katherine Anne, Kathleen (In SF), Kathleen, Kevin, Mary Grace, May, Naomi, Phil, Renee, Roger, Samantha, Sean, and Susan</p>

    </div>
</div>