<div id="september2024" class="accordion-collapse collapse " data-bs-parent="#accordion2024">
    <div class="accordion-body">
        <p class="text-center">
            MBAR 2024 Committee Notes
            <br>Zoom ID 831 4306 2293 Password 2024
            <br>Saturday September 28, 2024 at 10am
            <br><a href='/' class="bb-link">montereybayarearoundup.org</a>
        </p>

        <dl>
            <dt>1. Chairperson's Call to Order;</dt>

            <dt>2. Reading of the 12 Traditions;</dt>

            <dt>3. New attendees: Sara R.;</dt>

            <dt>4. Any A.A. or Al-Anon anniversaries since last meeting? Chris T. 12 years, Jane H. 29 years in Al-Anon, and Noami B. 24 years;</dt>

            <dt>5. Chairperson's Report - Chris T.: Thank you all for your continued support and attendance for the 2024 Wrap up Meeting! It was very fun and exciting. Most importantly we made contact with newcomers that I have been in contact with since the conference and continue to see at meetings. I cannot Thank all of you who were of service and assisted in the lead up to the conference without your help it would not have been the success that it was. I am so looking forward to the committee reports.
                <br><br>
                We do have a very important topic of discussion post the Financial and Figures, regarding: Tax Status.
                <br><br>
                All Committee Chairs in the Spirit of Rotation please be looking to have your predecessor found and join us in our meetings so they have some MBAR experience! MBAR Chair positions are to be rotated and fulfilled by members to increase their ability to practice and uphold Traditions and increase their Spiritual Experience by working and playing with members new and old.
            </dt>

            <dt>6. Approve/Amend minutes from last meeting;</dt>

            <dt>Registration - Naomi B.: Naomi expressed gratitude for support during her illness and inability to attend MBAR; Challenges reconciling registrations (registration forms were submitted incomplete);
                <br><br>
                On Site Registration Update: 140 on site registrations - 75 A.A., 19 Al-Anon, unknown Spanish A.A., 7 Double Winners, 1 Alateen, 3 Helping Hand (No funds), 9 Ice Cream, 6 Breakfasts, 5 Dinners, and $75 helping hand registration;
                <br><br>
                428 Total registrations: 275 A.A., 70 Al-Anon, 30 Double Winners, 30 Spanish, 23 Other, 91 Bundles, 127 Dinners, 102 Breakfasts, 130 Ice Cream, and $1,525 in Helping Hand contributions;
                <br><br>
                Collected $26,345 per Naomi's accounting;
                <br><br>
                Demographics: 35 Carmel, 20 Carmel Valley, 7 Del Rey Oaks, 6 Fresno, 21 Marina, 48 Monterey, 44 Pacific Grove, 7 Pebble Beach, 52 salinas, 7 Santa Cruz, 29 Seaside, 10 Watsonville, and 70 different cities comprise the balance of registrations - Las Vegas, Oregon, Washington, and Kansas;
            </dt>

            <dt>7. 7th Tradition</dt>

            <dt>8. Committee Reports</dt>

            <dd>Treasurer - Carolyn: , Numbers off from Naomi's, Carolyn will reconcile to Naomi's figures, Approximately $11,000 collected on site at MBAR for a variety of items, Additional effort required to reconcile, Spreadsheet includes income/expenses throughout the two year period leading up to the conference, Ice cream figure needs to be updated, Recommendation to increase the budget for committees as registrations are received to ensure sufficient materials for attendees, $25 refund from facility forthcoming, Merchandise loss as we have merchandise left over, Hospitality suite successful as well as the cash and carry;
                <br><br>
                Remaining funds $29,796, including prudent reserves:
                <br>
                Question about distribution of funds decision makers;
                <br>
                Ending balance is $30,243, Spoke to independent enrolled agent regarding taxes;
                <br>
                Recommendation that registration and treasurer have a shared document with limited editing access to eliminate errors and provide accurate reporting;
                <br>
                Venmo/PayPal fees were unbudgeted expenses;
                <br>
                Increase incentive for early bird registrations;
                <br>
                Online purchases were difficult to reconcile;
                <br>
                Unfilled chair positions affected effectiveness;
                <br>
                Fundraisers kept us in the black;
                <br>
                Refund policy not clear;
                <br>
                T-shirt person says they can link to the MBAR website;
                <br>
                Room arrangements created challenges with sound;
                <br>
                Too much going on Saturday night;
                <br>
                Positive feedback about the games and activities;
                <br>
                Positive feedback on cash/carry;
                <br><br>
                Comments: Double winners benefit both fellowships - How is disbursement determined? Attendance based? Flat percentage?
                <br>
                Al-Anon will communicate to the next committee the amount and entities receiving the Al-Anon disbursements that MBAR 2024 distributes to Al-Anon, Al-Anon 7th tradition includes walk-ins from Marathon meetings to help Al-Anon offset costs for Al-Anon speakers - info provided as background from Al-Anon ($268 collected by Al-Anon from Marathon meetings), 50/50 Raffle clarification question, Vendor contributions lumped into another pot and these figures will be corrected and reported out - Not on Treasurer's report individually (lumped in with 7th Tradition in error), Spanish speaking contribution clarification - numbers of registrations two years ago were significantly higher resulting in disbursement by percentage approach;
            </dd>

            <dd>Facilities - Mark F., File layouts for future use to repeat/edit as needed, Storage for changes of clothes, Rearrange Spanish and Al-anon to eliminate noise issues;
                <br><br>
                Comments: Marathon meeting room is too small - Mary Grace;
            </dd>

            <dd>Al-Anon - Jane H., Al-Ateen now has six members from zero - Jane, Only snag, Al-Anon Marathon meetings list in the program was 2022, not current. Al-Anon very grateful, Suggests Al-Anon connection with A.A. counterpart throughout the planning process;

            </dd>

            <dd>Website - Phillip, Website updated with gratitude and content rearrangement, Recordings are now live, Transcripts are being prepared as well, 2026 MBAR banner also added, Waited too long for poll/survey - Wasn't organized well enough, Webhooks for credit card payments recommended, Should have had more help with Zoom meeting to make it run more smoothly, Recommends more surveying, before, during, and after, Cancellation policy (long) is on the bottom of the website
                <br><br>
                Comments:, Kudos from Cindy, Website is beautiful and speakers are accessible
            </dd>

            <dd>Raffle - Katherine, Would have benefitted from more help, Possibly rearrange the prizes/ticket sales, Possibly co-chair to “speed" prize awards, Too many things going on Saturday to add raffle

            </dd>

            <dd>Hospitality - Jennifer, Enjoyed the role and is honored to have done it, Under budget;
                <br><br>
                Comments:, Clean, beautiful, and wonderful suite, Cash and carry was GREAT, Phil C was a HUGE help in making things happen with the Hospitality suite, Coffee was available in the suite for $5 all day;
            </dd>

            <dd>Events - Samantha, Everything went well, Speed fellowship was a huge hit, Scavenger hunt was low in participation due to meeting going long, Bingo went well, Paint was very successful with a waiting list, Werewolf was great, Dance lifted spirits of younger A.A.s, Only comment is for registration, we need something on the website;
                <br><br>
                Comments:, Didn't know what speed fellowship was, People just showed up and enjoyed themselves, Events should be part of the conference going forward
                Great feedback, would have liked dance to be earlier and bigger, workshops/12 step workshop might be good, Many comments received regarding registration challenges, As a committee, it was expressed that we consider devoting more funds in the events as it added energy and enthusiasm to the conference;
            </dd>

            <dd>Outreach - Connor, Had a hard time forming a committee, "Old timers" were the biggest help with providing contacts for outreach, Going to meetings and locations personally was most effective, Registration was a problem because there were two websites that needed to be visited to complete registration, Credit card payment was needed, Some people didn't want to provide address on registration form, Having speakers finalized earlier might help with outreach;
            </dd>

            <dd>Breakfast - Joanie, Support from A.A. was phenomenal, More thought/input into the contract with the church to include prep times, Saturday morning instead of Sunday is recommended, Document with guidelines for speakers recommended;
            </dd>

            <dd>Speakers - Kathleen, Reimbursement to Saturday speaker was appreciated for gas, Phil was reimbursed for the room at Marriott, Kathleen reimbursed for speaker gifts, Dennis and Krystal were appreciated for how they were cared for by the Committee;
                <br><br>
                Comments:, Timelines for speakers would be helpful, Formats need timelines and times for speakers to share;
            </dd>

            <dd>Literature - May, Gratitude expressed to Chris and committee, Successful, Salinas Central Office donated rack for pamphlets, Registration not payable by credit card, A lot of free literature given away;
                <br><br>
                Comments:, Conference approved literature only…inconsistencies, Possibly have non-conference approved literature handled as with the card vendor;
            </dd>

            <dd>Social Media - Gina, Didn't have a huge role on day of conference● Purchasing a flyer creation app/program would be helpful, Talking to committee more about what and where to post, Fundraising events posted were good;
            </dd>

            <dd>IGR/GSR - Cole, GSR appreciated MBAR representation at their meetings, Central Offices have limited ability to support MBAR, 50/50 raffle was good;
                <br><br>
                Comments:, Historically, support from Central Office has been received, unsure why this changed, Recommendation to connect directly with M.B.I.A.A and report back, Further discussion requested: “If they don't support us, why are they accepting
                contributions?"
            </dd>

            <dd>Merchandise - Carolyn, Not all shirts sold, Discounting merchandise requested for sale at tonight's birthday meeting, Permission would have been needed to sell merchandise at tonight's birthday meeting, Committee decision regarding next steps with merchandise (maybe steeply discount and/or use some as prizes), Sara will sit at merchandise booth tonight to distribute items that were pre purchased Motion to postpone decision on excess merchandise by Renée and second by Mary Grace (Motion carried)
            </dd>

            <dd>Spanish - Not present</dd>

            <dd>Welcoming - Not present</dd>

            <dt>9. Non Profit Status:</dt>
            <dd>For context - Chris T., Cindy A., and Renée held a telephone call with Non-Profit attorney in June as voted on and approved by the Committee. Below is a discussion of the results of this call., Self supporting - Tradition, MBAR is a satellite subdivision of A.A., We are simply a conference, MBAR income is not used for any profit but to pay for future expenses, Steering Committee members are not on payroll, Any decisions about financial structure is determined by the committee, MBAR has not filed any Federal taxes since it's inception, State filings are current with a State Tax ID - Sales Tax is paid, If we pursue Tax Exempt/Non-Profit status:
                <br>
                All officers must be registered if we file taxes;
                <br>
                Annual report will need to be filed;
                <br>
                Bylaws will be reviewed and Steering Committee members will be registered with the Attorney General, first/last name, addresses (anonymity waived);
                <br>
                501(c)(3) - No taxes on exempt income;
                <br>
                Cost to review our financial;
                <br>
                Not all financial have been maintained or are in tact - Some binders on hand but not dating back to 1993;
                <br>
                $445/hour to review the financial, We can operate as an unincorporated entity, which is how we have operated in the past which means we remain viable on a rolling basis, $5,000-$10,000 cost for non-profit, Recommendation from attorney to take care of our tax liability prior to becoming a non-profit;
                <br><br>
                Comments, Carolyn - Because we are not non-profit, we will owe taxes on funds we have held as a prudent reserve as it is considered taxable; Not all of our expenses are tax deductible; We will be affected by exorbitant penalties; Seven year statute of limitations; We may be audited; Six years ago a call was placed to IRS to determine our non-profit status and we were told we are not non-profit - We are liable for this knowledge;
                <br><br>
                Suggestion - All funds should be held in the event that a good faith payment may be required, Question about logistics of remaining “unincorporated", We could disperse funds and dissolve committee and nobody in past would be known of, Or unincorporated would start with filing of taxes and then see where we go with unincorporated or non-profit to move forward, Suggestion to consult a professional to give us their best advice for consideration, while appreciating the input from non-professional committee members - possible first consultation would be pro-bono, Suggestion that a sub committee be formed, Consider connecting with other large conference committees for “how-to's", As part of our 9th Step amends, we need to clean up the mess, it will be money worth spending, Michael R. - Incorporation didn't come up until after September 11, 2021 when banking laws changed; Up until then, MBAR was considered affiliated with Salinas and Monterey Intergroups; Consider that MBAR petition Intergroups to become an events committee of the Intergroups such as Unity Day; Alleviates other questions about support from the Intergroups; Group our tax history under the Intergroups;
                <br><br>
                Motion - Hold on to $30,000 until next meeting and discuss this further with input from various
                entities by Mary Grace second by Jean (Motion carried);
            </dd>

            <dt>Next meeting - October 12th at 10 a.m. Mary Grace, second by Renée (Motion carried)</dt>

            <dt>Meeting adjourned at 12:17 p.m.</dt>
        </dl>
    </div>
</div>