<div id="august-17-2024" class="accordion-collapse collapse " data-bs-parent="#accordion2024">
    <div class="accordion-body">
        <p class="text-center">
            MBAR 2024 Committee Notes
            <br>Zoom ID 831 4306 2293 Password 2024
            <br>Saturday August 17, 2024 at 10am
            <br><a href='/' class="bb-link">montereybayarearoundup.org</a>
        </p>

        <dl>
            <dt>1. Chairperson's Call to Order: 10am;</dt>

            <dt>2. Reading of the 12 Traditions: Gina;</dt>

            <dt>3. New attendees, put your phone numbers and email addresses in the chat: None;</dt>

            <dt>4. Are there any A.A. or Al-Anon anniversaries since our last meeting? None;</dt>

            <dt>5. Approve/Amend Minutes from the last meeting: Cindy - #13 revise to send the list of readers to Cindy and Naomi; Approved as amended;</dt>

            <dt>6. Chairperson's Report - Chris T.: We are down to our last 2 committee meetings; It is now about details and follow up. Please speak up for any assistance or needs you have discovered in your committee service. We have many hands on this meeting and an abundance of talent combined with the desire to be helpful. However, we are not mind readers, any task can be reviewed and a solid solution brought about by the Higher Power of the Group.
                <br><br>
                Please be mindful of items the committee has already voted upon and the work of subcommittees to keep within our allotted time and allow for all committee chairs to give their reports that may outline where we need to direct our focus and attention.
                <br><br>
                All Committee Chairs in the Spirit of Rotation please be looking to have your predecessor found and join us in our meetings so they have some MBAR experience! MBAR Chair Positions are to be Rotated and fulfilled by members to increase their ability to practice and uphold Traditions and increase their Spiritual Experience by working and playing with members New and Old.
                <br><br>
                The following items need consideration, feedback or approval by the committee as they may have costs, planning, and your input to finalize:
                <br> - Registration update and needs;
                <br> - T-shirt prices at the conference: is there a price difference we are needing to decide upon to cover cost, will there be an increase vs those who pre-purchased;
                <br> - Facility Walk through: Any asks or clarifications or details that need to be addressed in the walk through. As follow up please email to Mark F. (email on Committee List attached);
                <br> - Signage for Merch;
                <br> -  Kevin had a family emergency; Scoops and Cash box need to be picked up from his home(I have his
                address to pass along);
                <br><br>
                Thank you in advance for your participation and support, we are truly approaching some exciting and happy
                times ahead!
            </dt>

            <dt>7. Treasurer's Report - Carolyn H.: See budget spreadsheet; Moving forward this will have documents presented w/ the actual figures for your review. As well as items needing to be approved for payment; Balance $37,500; $25,500 Expenses to be paid; $12,000 net - short of planned $16,000 prudent reserve; Not included - meal bundles, 50/50, raffle, and 7th tradition; Is it okay for money coming in to be limited to cash or check or PayPal or Venmo? - Carolyn: prefers not to use Square; Cindy: not much Venmo or PayPal in 2019; 50/50 needs to be cash; If 50/50 uses Venmo there will be more sales; Naomi: Square used for registrations; Per Cindy there were technical issues - motion approved: use Square for registrations only; Cash boxes at each meal event are staffed by event volunteers: Mary Grace at breakfast cash box; Renee at dinner cash box;
            </dt>

            <dt>8. Registration - Naomi: 222 Complete total - 137 online, 85 paper; Dispersed between fellowships - 158 A.A., 43 Al-Anon, 20 Double, 1 Other; 14 registrations since 8/1/2024; Add-ons - 90 bundles, 111 dinners, 90 breakfast, 105 ice cream, 87 t-shirts; 5 or 6 helping hand requests; Naomi has A.A. and Al-Anon volunteers that will staff registration table; Program complete except Al-Anon readers; Need to update Alateen handout; No input from Robert about Spanish registrations; Tony V. will help with Spanish Speaking registrations; Taking meal registrations up to the day of the event - Aubrey allowing for 10 to 15% over registration count;
            </dt>

            <dt>9. Miscellaneous: Church capacity 130 per contract; Motion approved - Samantha buy markers, dobbers, etc. as needed with possibly 130 people; Renee reach out to Transportation(Trevor): plan for 130 people at meals and may use Nick K. to assist;
            </dt>

            <dt>10. T-shirt - Kevin(Absent): Prices - Ordered 144 total and average cost $13.57 - 87 pre-ordered, 57 to sell at conference, Motion approved: sell t-shirts at conference for $15; Carolyn pickup t-shirts 8/17/2024; Chris has mugs at her house; Committee t-shirts can be picked up at Chris' house - Monday or later: call Chris to coordinate;
            </dt>

            <dt>11. Facilities - Mark F.: Walk through 8/22/2024 at 1pm; Contact Mark F. with any needs;
            </dt>

            <dt>12. Meeting Chairpersons make sure they get list of readers to Cindy or Naomi A.S.A.P.
            </dt>

            <dt>13. Signage for Merchandise: Motion approved - sell merchandise on first come, first served basis;
            </dt>

            <dt>14. Merchandise - Kevin: Family emergency - Chris covering; Renee pick up ice cream scoops in Salinas;</dt>

            <dt>15. Seventh Tradition: You can make a 7th Tradition contribution - PayPal at mbartreasurer@gmail.com or by sending a check to - MBAR, PO Box 1462, Monterey, CA 93942; Or Venmo: @MBARoundup24 (<em>Note:</em> Venmo and check go 100% to Treasury, PayPal collects a fee.)
            </dt>

            <dt>16. Al-Anon - Jane: Issue with silent auction resolved - Carolyn talked to Thomas: verified that Al-Anon does separate accounting; Registration coordinated; Speakers coordinated; Don't put Alateen name on flyers;</dt>

            <dt>17. Welcome - Arthur: Sign-up sheets going around; Need volunteers for Sunday;</dt>

            <dt>18. Raffle Bundles - Katherine: No report</dt>

            <dt>19. Website - Phillip: Updated homepage content and layout with marathon meetings; added AA marathon meeting page and Al-Anon marathon meeting page; Al-Anon page updated with marathon meeting section; updated the committee page; enabled the ASL feature on Zoom(easy) and purchased large meeting add-on for one month for $50 with the credit card on file; started to ask for readers for Zoom meetings; agreed to help Cole with 50/50 raffle; added conference center floor plan pdf; created backup of the online registrations; To do's and ideas - Perhaps reword the hospitality sign to read 'private' because if it says 'hospitality' peeps might associate it with the hospitality room from 2022; Online pdf fliers for the main speakers and AA marathon meeting are work in progress, by the respective chairs, and it's wise to wait for the final final before making them available for download; Is it okay to post pics of the mug and tumbler online? If so, please Chris would you send it or them over; If and when the Spanish A.A. marathon meeting schedule has a rough outline, then could we have it online too? I'll add the 8-10-24 meeting notes by Monday at the latest; I'll backup the online reg every three days since we are in the home stretch as one of them slipped through the cracks. Lost data is taboo.</dt>

            <dt>20. Social Media - Gina: Posting on local groups;</dt>

            <dt>21. Events - Samantha: All materials received except bingo supplies; Found D.J. - Mark A. for dance; Have volunteers for most everything; Need volunteers for the dance;</dt>

            <dt>22. Hospitality Room - Jennefer(in Texas): Working on bottled water; Planning two photo booths; Coordinating with Mark F. in Facilities;</dt>

            <dt>23. Spanish - Robert: Coordinating with Naomi; Passing along program;</dt>

            <dt>24. GSR/IGR - Cole: attending GSR meeting Tuesday;</dt>

            <dt>25. Breakfast - Joanie: Contract with church finalized including Friday night; Renee forward insurance information to Joanie - forward to the church; Revise terminology on website breakfast is not continental; Sean help with A.A. coffee urns; Mary Grace and Chris coordinate cash box - get there by 730am; Jean and Carolyn provide change;</dt>

            <dt>26. Fund Raising and Fellowship Events: Coastal Rally - Arthur and Connor;</dt>

            <dt>27. New Business: None;</dt>

            <dt>28. Next Committee meeting is Saturday 08/24/2024 at 10am; Subsequent meetings will be every week till the conference date;</dt>

            <dt>29. Next Steering Committee meeting:  8/27/2024 at 7pm;</dt>

            <dt>17. Meeting adjourned with the Serenity Prayer;</dt>
        </dl>

        <p> Attendees: Arthur, Carolyn, Chris, Cindy, Cole, Dawn, Gina, Jane, Janet, Jean, Joanie, Kathleen, Mary Grace, Phil C., Phillip, Renee, Roger, Samantha, and Sean;</p>

    </div>
</div>