<div id="august2024" class="accordion-collapse collapse " data-bs-parent="#accordion2024">
    <div class="accordion-body">
        <p class="text-center">
            MBAR 2024 Committee Notes
            <br>Zoom ID 831 4306 2293 Password 2024
            <br>Saturday August 3, 2024 at 10am
            <br><a href='/' class="bb-link">montereybayarearoundup.org</a>
        </p>

        <dl>
            <dt>1. Chairperson's Call to Order: 10am;</dt>

            <dt>2. Reading of the 12 Traditions: Cindy;</dt>

            <dt>3. New attendees, put your phone numbers and email addresses in the chat: None;</dt>

            <dt>4. Are there any A.A. or Al-Anon anniversaries since our last meeting? None;</dt>

            <dt>5. Approve/Amend Minutes from the last meeting: Approved with revisions;</dt>

            <dt>6. Chairperson's Report - Chris T.: Thank you all for your continued support and attendance for our planning meeting!! I am so looking forward to the committee reports and the re-cap of what the sub-committee was able to secure for Speakers. This Meetings Agenda will hit big early as we have several items needing attention and support from the entire committee in the next few months as MBAR 2024 is quickly approaching.
                <br><br>
                As discussed and voted upon by the Committee this meeting will be 1.5 hours and as we embark upon several tasks at hand as committee chairs will be needing to come together and ensure that we have the support of the committee to ensure these tasks can be executed to the best of our ability,
                <br><br>
                Please be mindful of items the committee has already voted upon and the work of subcommittees to keep within our allotted time and allow for all committee chairs to give their reports that may outline where we need to direct our focus and attention.
                <br><br>
                All Committee Chairs in the Spirit of Rotation please be looking to have your predecessor found and join us in our meetings so they have some MBAR experience! MBAR Chair Positions are to be Rotated and fulfilled by members to increase their ability to practice and uphold Traditions and increase their Spiritual Experience by working and playing with members New and Old.
                <br><br>
                We are needing the following chairs filled: Hospitality;
            </dt>

            <dt>7. Treasurer's Report - Carolyn H.: See attached budget spreadsheet; Bank Balance $28,914; Discussion about AV Contract (see attached quote) - Includes Assisted Listening: 25 headsets; ASL: Rene volunteered to research ASL vendors; Closed Caption: RDM stated that ASL is required if requested per telecom with DOJ; Spanish will do their own translation - nothing needed from AV; Motion Approved Gift basket budget $231 - for AA Speakers, Al-Anon and Spanish have their own budget; Motion Approved - increased events budget: Add contribution baskets at event venues; Motion Deferred - ACV Cost / Contract; Motion approved - Revise literature budget to $0 budget: Carolyn follow-up with May - obtain literature from Central Office on loan as was done in previous years;
            </dt>

            <dt>8. The following items need consideration and approval by the committee as they have costs should they be exceeding line item values on budget:
                <br><br>Motion Deferred - Conference T-Shirts 26 ordered so far on registrations - Kevin research pricing for reduced quantity;
                <br><br>Motion approved - Committee t-shirts 27 ordered;
                <br><br>Motion Approved - $400 Room for funds at MBAR to be secured: Option 1 - Steinbeck Room 3 and Option 2 - Room already paid and secured by Carolyn for Guest;
                <br><br>Motion Deferred - ASL Translator: For EACH Translator at each meeting it requires 2 translators for breaks and lunches; Last year translators were used at Big Meeting Saturday and Panel Meetings; Do we have ASL any ASL requests at the moment?
                <br><br>Motion Deferred - AV Cost as note: Last year a member with AV background was willing to turn on and off microphones that not have to have Encore staff set up at each meeting; This was approved by prior conversation with encore;
                <br><br>Increase of Funds to be accessible to Committee Chairs based on Committee Chair feedback and info;
                <br><br>Motion Approved - Banner approval (see attached image): color banner approved;
            </dt>

            <dt>9. Seventh Tradition: You can make a 7th Tradition contribution - PayPal at mbartreasurer@gmail.com or by sending a check to - MBAR, PO Box 1462, Monterey, CA 93942; Or Venmo: @MBARoundup24 (<em>Note:</em> Venmo and check go 100% to Treasury, PayPal collects a fee.)</dt>

            <dt>10. Committee Chairs/Steering Committee Reports</dt>

            <dd>a. Media - Gina, Sean: Added flyer to Facebook;</dd>

            <dd>b. Registration - Naomi: 101 total completed registrations received - 101 total completed registrations received; 20 incomplete not paid; 74 A.A. / 14 Al-Anon / 12 Double / 1 Other; No Spanish registrations; 57 'Bundles'; 23 T-Shirts; 2 Helping Hand; Naomi update Venmo on registration form; Program: In process; Need input from committees for inserts; Need names of meeting secretaries and readers; Jane provide input for Al-Ateen; All speaker registrations are Comp'd;</dd>

            <dd>c. Spanish - Robert: Meeting regularly - Sundays and last Wednesday of the month; Has 10 registrations; Creating Spanish Banner; Vote to select speakers 7/17/2024; Working on program - Naomi to include in main conference program;</dd>

            <dd>d. Al-Anon - Jane: Speakers selected coordinating with Kathleen;</dd>

            <dd>e. T-Shirt - Kevin: Placing order for Committee t-shirts - $16.00 plus 10% tax; Placing Order - 18 mugs: cost $19.82; sell for $20; 36 water bottles - cost $11+ - sell for $12; Get revised pricing for 120 committee t-shirts
            </dd>

            <dd>f. Speaker - Kathleen: Rooms booked for speakers at Marriott; Kathleen provide current speaker roster - there was some confusion regarding the speaker line up; Committee selected Mark S. as the Friday Kickoff speaker</dd>

            <dd>g. Outreach - Conor: 6 registrations from Friday AA / Al-=Anon meeting; Visited 4 central offices; Called 10 central offices; Going to San Jose Saturday Night Live; Jean offered to help with outreach calls; Naomi assist with mass mailing to central offices; Chris suggested going to popular Salinas Meetings; Pointed out issues with online registration - difficult to reconcile cost;</dd>

            <dd>h. Events - Samantha: Insurance secured; Potential Events for MBAR - included a prototype schedule;</dd>

            <dd>i. I.G.R. / G.S.R. - Cole: No report;</dd>

            <dd>j. Marathon Meetings - Mark: 11 Saturday and 3 Sunday meetings; May need to add more meetings based on updated program; Naomi provide a copy of the program;</dd>

            <dd>k. Facilities- Sally: No report;</dd>

            <dd>l. Website - Phillip: No report;</dd>

            <dd>m. Raffle - Katherine: No report;</dd>

            <dd>n. Ice Cream - Rick: No report;</dd>

            <dd>o. Breakfast - Joanie: Confirmed free meals for speakers; Need final count 2 weeks before conference; Those that did not sign-up can pay at the venue;</dd>

            <dt>11. Old Business:</dt>

            <dd>a. Reminder Committee Members should all be registered, within the next month;</dd>

            <dd>b. Committee Meetings: Do we have them weekly or Bi- Weekly Leading up to the Conference?</dd>

            <dd>c. Non-Profit Status: Renee - Cindy and I had a conference call with a lawyer; we have much info for the Committee to discuss, and this will be presented at the wrap up committee meeting on 09/14/24 at 10am;</dd>

            <dt>12. Fundraising Ideas</dt>

            <dd>a. Birthday Meeting Presence: July 27th and Aug 31st - need volunteers;</dd>

            <dd>b. Pacific Group bus trip;</dd>

            <dt>13. New Business: None;</dt>


            <dd>a. Committee BBQ - should you want to attend, we will need your presence at the July Committee meeting; Event space is needed and the committee will need to pre-approve payment; Mark and Matt coordinate venue; </dd>

            <dt>14. Next Steering Committee meeting is Tuesday 07/23/2024 at 6pm via Zoom;</dt>

            <dt>15. Next Committee meeting is Saturday 08/03/2024 at 10am; Subsequent Meetings will be every week till the conference date;</dt>

            <dt>16. Meeting adjourned at noon with the Serenity Prayer;</dt>
        </dl>

        <p> Attendees: Carolyn, Chris, Cole, Conor, Dawn, Esther, Jane, Janet, Jean, Jennifer, Joanie, Katherine, Kathleen, Katie, Kevin, Mark, Naomi, Phillip, Renee, Robert, Roger, Samantha, and Sean</p>

    </div>
</div>